#Prototype
Despite all adversity that I encountered during that project (malfunctioned LED strip (1 week lost), too weak power supply, 3D printing that failed due to few problems (still working on that one)) today I put everything together for a final review in the DevArt competition, as well as for tomorrow event that I'm attending as a speaker - Arduino Day (arday.pl), and I will be doing case study about that project - what I done, what was the problem, tips for others etc. For sure I will post here my presentation, and small description about event. During workshops with Arduino I'm going to work on polishing my project.

#What is done?
Prototype is fully working, no bugs that I would know about. It allows to display a calendar events which are obtained from user phone. Apart from it app allows to run demo (rainbow, colors chasing each other etc.), and to manually specify which LEDs or which segment turn to which color.
Basically whole clock-phone communication is done, now I have to work on providing more sources of a information to display (add sunrise/sunset mode, or a temperature) to show it full potential.

#What next?
I will continue my struggle to print that 3D model (it is uploaded on GitHub, so if you want you can take a look at it https://github.com/tajchert/devart-template/blob/master/project_code/3D%20models/Final_3D_model.stl (30MB!)).
Better Android app, all Bluetooth communication I will put in a Service, and add some good UI to it.
More information sources, I will try to add few more to show whole potential of that idea.
Add second LED strip, which will be something like a ambient light - it will be directed outside of clock-face, close to wall so whole wall around clock will be used to display colors (for example next 12 hours to display there).
And finally use all benefits of Bluetooth 4.0 - brightness depending on signal strength, few devices at same time etc.

Photos that were taken today I have added to main post (above that post).